bpo-37640: Fix telnetlib crash in Python3 while receiving un-printable characters from server (#22814)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2020-10-20-13-31-32.bpo-37640.JfvXk-.rst

> Fix the interact and the listener method use sys.stdout.buffer if exists

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix :mod:`telnetlib` crash while receiving un-printable characters in the :method:`Telnet.interact` and ``listener`` methods. 
```

Author: Thank you sir.

> Fix :mod:`telnetlib` crash while receiving un-printable characters in the :method:`Telnet.interact` and ``listener`` methods. 

Reviewer: Oops, docs tests are failing since I mixed up `:meth:` and `:method:`, my bad. If the doc tests still fail, you can remove the `:meth:` role outright.
```suggestion
Fix :mod:`telnetlib` crash while receiving un-printable characters in the :meth:`Telnet.interact` and ``listener`` methods. 
```
